[Music]
in Kathmandu Nepal the sorcerer Basilius
and his elet's entered a secret compound
come our Taj and behead is librarian
they steal a few pages from an ancient
mystical text belonging to the ancient
one a long-lived sorcerer who has taught
every student at kamar Taj including
kuselias in the mystic arts the ancient
one pursues the traders buttkiss Ilyas
and his followers escape in New York
City Stephen strange and acclaimed but
arrogant neurosurgeon badly injures his
hands in a car accident leaving him
unable to operate fellow surgeon and
former lover Christine Palmer tries to
help him move on but strange vainly
pursues experimental surgeries to heal
his hands strange eventually learns of
Jonathon Pangborn a paraplegic who
mysteriously regained full use of his
legs
Pangborn direct strange to come our Taj
where he is taken in by Mordo a sorcerer
under the ancient one the ancient one
demonstrates her power to strange
revealing the astral plane and other
dimensions such as the mirror dimension
she eventually agrees to train strange
despite his arrogance which reminds her
of Basilius strange studies under the
ancient one and Mordo and from ancient
book in the library that is now guarded
by the master Wong strange learns that
Earth is protected from threats from
other dimensions by a shield generated
from three buildings called sanctums in
New York City London and Hong Kong which
are all connected and accessible from
kalmar Taj The Sorcerer's task is to
protect the sanctum
though Pangborn instead chose to channel
mystical energy into just walking again
strange progresses quickly and secretly
reads the text from which cassellius
stole pages learning to bend time with
the mystical eye of agamotto Mordo and
Wong warned strange against breaking the
laws of nature drawing a comparison to
casillases desire for eternal life
Basilius uses the stolen pages to
contact powerful Dormammu of the dark
dimension where time is non-existent
Basilius destroys the London sanctum to
weaken Earth's protection the zealots
been attacks in New York sanctum killing
its guardian but strange holds them off
with the health of the cloak of
levitation until mortal and the ancient
one arrive strange and Mordo become
disillusioned with the ancient one after
kuselias reveals of the
ancient ones long life to do to her
drawing power from Dark Dimension
Cecilia's mortally wounds ancient one
and escapes to Hong Kong before dying
she tells strange that he too will have
to bend the rule to complement Mordo
steadfast nature in order to defeat
Basilius strange and Mordo arrived in
Hong Kong to find long deck the sanctum
destroyed and the Dark Dimension
irresistible engulfing earth strange
uses the eye to reverse time and save
Wong then creates an infinite time loop
inside the Dark Dimension that traps
himself and Dormammu in the same moment
of time after repeatedly killing strange
to no avail
tamam finally gives in to strange
demands that he leave earth and take
Casillas and his ellas with him in
return for strange breaking the time
loop disgusted by strange and the
ancient when defying nature's laws Mordo
departs strange returns the I to calm
our taja and takes up residence in the
New York sanctum to continue his studies
in a mid-credits seemed strange decides
to help Thor who has brought his brother
Loki to earth to search for their father
Odin in the post-credits scene Mordo
confronts Pangborn and siphons the
energy that he uses to walk stating that
earth has too many sorcerers
[Music]